{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Semibold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-RegularItalic;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6700\c6700\c6700;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf2 \uc0\u55356 \u57312  Home / Store Page
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Hero Banner (Header):
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 Fascism is Weird
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Intro Text (optional under logo):
\f1\b0 \
Fascism pretends to be strong, holy, and inevitable. In reality, it\'92s fragile, absurd, and harmful. We call it weird because it doesn\'92t deserve seriousness \'97 only dismissal and exposure.\
\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  Shop below and wear the weirdness out loud.\
\

\f2\b Featured Products:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	T-shirt: \'93Fascism is Weird\'94\
	\'95	Hat: \'93Weird Politics Club\'94\
	\'95	Sticker Pack\
	\'95	Poster\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs44 \uc0\u8505 \u65039  About Page
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Title:
\f1\b0  Why We Say \'93Fascism is Weird\'94\
\
Fascism isn\'92t a political philosophy worth debate. It\'92s a brittle, violent ideology that hides behind slogans and symbols, invents enemies, and sells fear as truth. It has caused and continues to cause real harm \'97 stripping rights, spreading cruelty, and targeting vulnerable communities.\
\
We call it 
\f3\i weird
\f1\i0  to strip away its power. Fascism thrives on spectacle, fear, and obedience. By naming it weird, we refuse to treat it as legitimate. We dismiss it, condescend to it, and expose its absurdity \'97 while also showing the very real dangers it brings.\
\
This project is about education and refusal. It\'92s about building a civil society where decisions reduce cruelty and enable human flourishing \'97 for everyone, not just the \'93chosen\'94 few.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs44 \uc0\u55357 \u56538  Why Fascism Is Weird (Education Page)
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Intro Paragraph:
\f1\b0 \
Fascism dresses itself up as strength and truth, but it\'92s riddled with contradictions. Here are some of the weirdest parts of how it works \'97 and why it\'92s dangerous.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #1: It asks you to believe fictions instead of reality.
\f1\b0 \
Fascism depends on people choosing stories over their own experience. Propaganda repeats until the unreal feels safer to believe than the truth.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #2: It pretends to be strong, but it\'92s fragile.
\f1\b0 \
Despite claiming moral clarity and strength, fascism collapses under questions, jokes, or even small cracks in its image of control.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #3: It invents the fire so it can pretend to put it out.
\f1\b0 \
Strongmen thrive by manufacturing crises. The chaos makes them look necessary, but it\'92s a dumb loop of destruction and false solutions.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #4: It turns politics into a cult ritual.
\f1\b0 \
Leaders stoke fear, followers chant slogans, and real social problems are ignored in favor of ritual blame and hollow promises.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #5: It calls cruelty virtue.
\f1\b0 \
Instead of reducing suffering, fascism glorifies cruelty as strength. Violence, exclusion, and harm are framed as moral duty.\
\

\f2\b Weirdness #6: It sells itself like a brand.
\f1\b0 \
Hats, shirts, slogans, even branded religious texts \'97 fascism markets itself like a lifestyle brand. Propaganda becomes merch, and loyalty becomes something you wear.\
\

\f2\b Closing Section: Reality Check
\f1\b0 \
This isn\'92t just abstract or historical. Fascism today is violent, racist, and stripping rights from communities \'97 LGBTQ+ people, immigrants, and others. Naming it weird doesn\'92t ignore the danger \'97 it exposes how fragile, ridiculous, and destructive it is.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \

\f0\b\fs44 \uc0\u55357 \u57042  Footer / Call to Action
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf2 Tagline:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf2 Dismiss fascism. Expose its weirdness. Choose human flourishing.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs24 \cf0 \
\uc0\u11835 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl324\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\uc0\u9989  That\'92s the complete set of 
\f2\b site-ready text content
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\tqr\tx100\tx260\li260\fi-260\sl324\slmult1\sb240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\'95	Homepage/store copy\
	\'95	About page\
	\'95	Education page (list + essay hybrid)\
	\'95	Footer call-to-action}